Q - What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to
do it?

A - A subdirectory with name '.git' is created in the directory I want
to initialize as a repository. The initialization is necessary in
order to have a file structure (in this case a directory with uts
content) that the Git application can recognise as a 'repository'.

Q - How is the staging area different from the working directory and
the repository? What value do you think it offers?

A - The staging area is conceptually in the middle between the working
directory and the repository. The repository and the staging area are
part of Git, the working directory not really, though it interacts
with it (it is part of the operating system). The value offered by the
staging area is that it decouples the working area from the
repository, letting to the user the freedom to choose which files are
actually to be added to the repository with each commit.

Q - How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit
per logical change?

A - By adding each time to the staging area only the files from the
working directory actually involved in that logical change, and then
committing them to the repository.

Q - What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping
your history organized? How would branches help?

A - When you want to have a parallel version of the software with
different features that you don't want (yet) to integrate into the
master branch. Branches are useful because they can be checked out
exactely like the master branch or a particular commit. (Think to the
master branch also as a 'production' branch, where all must function
perfectly, and to other branches as 'experimental'.)

Q - How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

A - In the way that you can immediately spot-out the actual
reachability of nodes

Q - What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we
represent it in the diagram the way we do?

A - The result is that the commits belonging to the history of the
newer branch only, starting from the common origin, are incorporated
to the (typically) older branch, the one currently checked out. The
representation with the diagram is the only one useful to have a clear
look on the situation.

